Add additional configuration guide for websockets (#941)
jenkinsci/kubernetes-plugin: README.md

    tty: true
```

## Using WebSockets with a Jenkins master with self-signed HTTPS certificate

> Using WebSockets is the most easy and recommend way to set the connection between the agents and a Jenkins master running outside of the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using WebSockets is the easiest and recommended way to establish the connection between agents and a Jenkins master running outside of the cluster.
```

However, if your Jenkins master has HTTPS configured with self-signed certificate, you'll need to make sure the agent container trusts the CA.

> To do that, you can extend the `jenkins/inbound-agent` image and add your certificate through something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do that, you can extend the `jenkins/inbound-agent` image and add your certificate as follows:
```

```Dockerfile
FROM jenkins/inbound-agent

USER root

ADD cert.pem /tmp/cert.pem

RUN keytool -noprompt -storepass changeit \
  -keystore "$JAVA_HOME/jre/lib/security/cacerts" \
  -import -file /tmp/cert.pem -alias jenkinsMaster && \
  rm -f /tmp/cert.pem

USER jenkins
```

> Then, use it as the `jnlp` container on the `podTemplates` as usual. No command or args needs to be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, use it as the `jnlp` container for the pod template as usual. No command or args need to be specified.
```
